feat(apigateway): import API keys (#9155)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-apigateway/README.md

});
```

> You can also import an API Key by it's Id to use with a usage plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing API keys can also be imported into a CDK app using its id.
```

> ```ts
> const api = new apigateway.RestApi(this, 'hello-api', { });
> api.root.addMethod('GET'); // api must have atleast one method.
> 
> const importedKey = apigateway.ApiKey.fromApiKeyId(this, 'imported-key', '<api-key-id>');
> 
> const plan = api.addUsagePlan('UsagePlan', {
>   name: 'Easy',
>   apiKey: importedKey,
>   throttle: {
>     rateLimit: 10,
>     burstLimit: 2
>   }
> });
> ```

Reviewer: Keep only the relevant parts of a code snippet here.

````suggestion
```ts
const importedKey = ApiKey.fromApiKeyId(this, 'imported-key', '<api-key-id>');
```
````
